What are you looking for me for?
It's nothing, I'll go first
Waste time don't go
Brother Xiaoyu has decided to divorce you
Why didn't you hear it clearly?
I'll say it again if I don't hear you
Brother Xiaoyu has decided to divorce you
What nonsense is Lianyue talking about?
Xu Zeyu
Why did you divorce me?
So many years
I worked so hard outside to support this family
I do all the big and small things at home
I was so nice to you, why did you divorce me?
Shut your mouth for me, okay?
Why can't I divorce you?
You have worked hard for so many years
Am I not working hard for this family?
Steamed buns I tell you
Don't think that you are the only one working hard
I work harder than you
I have been living in your shadow
I have to settle accounts for everything I do
Any quarrel
Right or wrong
I apologize first
I tell you An Tong
I've had enough of this life
Xu Zeyu
Didn't you say
Whether I live or die has nothing to do with you
If I wasn't still useful
You would have kicked me out long ago
Fall into Yang Yijie's arms, don't you?
I didn't mean that.
Yes, yes, Li Yue
It's Li Yueta
Cut it out.
Sign it
Let's go